Fix xdr run script bug (#12244)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/3_0_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue where the ***xdr-run-script*** command failed when was called without parameter argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***xdr-run-script*** command failed when was it was called without the *parameters* argument.
```
